hello youtube friends we are truck and
we come to present a tutorial about
how to install a nintendo emulator
ds for our iphone ipad or ipod without
need to jailbreak
so much
We are here on the iphone to show you
the first thing we should do is go to
safari
and search
a page is called n of s
4 the number
and I point you
wings
net point
the description although good you should
enter from the iphone this tutorial will
It is done through the iphone
you do not need the computer at all
we enter the page
the google search engine we enter the
page n of that forum
angel x wing dot net
we give to download this is the page
of the inhabitant and good here gives us the
option to download them and we have a
device with jailbreak I do not know how
I do not know how to install it button
a lot of ideas but that is creating a network
vital but good this tutorial is about
to do it without jailbreak and here is if
you download a little piano and the block
so good we give you to install n of
that forum and you are via ota we give you
and as you can see, this little message does not jump
where we want to install we are going to
install
and now while this is being installed
we will have to go to adjustments and change the
date of our device for it
we go to general we lower the date and time
we remove the automatic adjustment and
we will have to put on July 15, 2013
that exact date
apparently good is the date they put
them so that you put it when while
it's being downloaded we'll have to put it
while it is downloading
what would the emulator be like is good
already half it does not take long we have
also in the channel a video of how
will be a boy advance emulator and
gameboy color that good more or less the
tutorial is pretty much like this one but
good is the description if you want it
this one is from nintendo ds so we're going to
enter the emulator
and as you can see, the appearance is very simple
that the games would appear we have a
options button that I do not know very well
options you'll have as is to remove the
sound and four more things and the arrow
of more than is to be able to add games
we give it to ok
now continue
and as you can see, it appears good in the
search in google to download rooms
of then we enter in this same one that
school room
and we wait for it to open
and good for example let's download a
pokémon to see a game so that
see what works and we are going to
download this pokémon platinum
soon
well let's go down on the
game and you see that it puts download now it
dais web
you are going to download now
and you will have to wait quite a thing
It depends on your internet
but the games usually take
a good time to download so do not you
you think he is charging badly or something
well just that they take a long time
to download
so well I'm going to pass the camera a
little fast and now I am with you
again
As you can see, I finish downloading in my
good case taken like 34 minutes already
what a terrible internet but good afternoon or
early it will end up coming out this
message and good is already downloaded and
We are gonna give
up the scheme puts me April in
and we are going to open in nds four
As you can see, the emulator opens
taking
the game
there is the game we enter
As you can see, it's a bit slow
it's gone usually happens the first time
that install is a game
to enter again Pokémon Platinum
and already enters the emulator is good
appear the two screens with the
controls and such and good you can already
change the date is your device
that I forgot to tell you when I already
you have installed already you can download
putting the date again well how do you see
it works without any problem both
screens let's give it up
and well up this tutorial we are going to
load this
here
so far this tutorial about how
install a nintendo ds emulator for
iphone ipad or iphone without needing
I already told you jailbreak and good to remember
the former favorite you liked the video
subscribe to the channel follow us on
twitter
on youtube if we do on facebook
youtube greetings and see you next time
goodbye